[Music]
with friends they're looking for Zach
yet again he's that real-life woman is
saying Zach Keadle is at large he was
saying something about Satan about
listening to heavy metal music I did all
of them hit that guy I'm an evil
scientist I think that you should
inoculate your your beautiful little
child to make them silly what the [__]
is that very bored
it's a helicopter dude didn't you say
that you're one of those people that
like thinks that a helicopter works with
like Peter Pan rules where if you don't
believe it can fly can't fly yeah Chris
pointed out if Chris pointed out that
was the Ned's world drunk as well I
think that may be coincidental but I but
I've never said I thought out let again
and fear of somebody else pointing that
out is that really yeah exactly I know I
didn't keep those fed I thought it was
just an awesome real thought it's the
same thing as boats like big cruise
ships that they can't possibly so much
steal whatever I'm in a big boat of like
this thing is gonna sink because of
thinking about it sinking yeah exactly
you know you know it's like it's it's
like what you think Oh God I use like
when you think about the fact the end of
the simulation and you're afraid it'll
get frayed you're gonna get like
unplugged no but I am afraid that I'm
gonna fall through the floor because
thoughts have density but you like you
ever think about like oh the fact that
I've think about evidence really sure
that means they're gonna go plug it it's
the same thought it's gonna be like I
suspect sit wash your mouth
I mean give you a play if you like if
you're playing The Sims of the SIB just
what like Toronto [__] you to your game
off you kinda can't have it both ways
either you're a little insignificant
spec being toyed with by this greater
entity or you're the center of the
universe and no no no I think I think we
are little amoebas but then but imagine
if every evil looks at you you'd be
scared yo that's not supposed to happen
well that's me Chris is that rule what
you look like that's pretty good mirror
stuff who left this running did you do
that yeah a booger oh my god that's
scary what are the actual drama queen
why would you keep looking at the mirror
if you were that phrase it just seems
like it was for dramatic effect this is
freaky silly little monkey sounds girls
don't act like this this is that would
real of ado you don't know what they do
oh wait no you're right she's in the
bathroom alone there should be two of
them one of those days it's my
catchphrase this is how the whole world
feels right now with Corona going on
yeah fo sho yeah pause just what to say
that with the please color under her he
doesn't watch TV yeah let's watch this
for four hours first of our recording
time Yeah right gamer right now this is
the argument studying for his work
Duncan she is a toy car but she's a
grown woman she's probably afraid if a
guy comes in the shrink sir or one of
those killers escape plan yes he's gonna
have an escape
if the giant wife from tiny husband
attacks happens to church or deli she
could just have an escape plan driving
away way I think that the wife from tiny
husband is just tiny husband himself and
drag we really that's the case yeah
don't ruin it for me my fighters there's
another participant it's a production
going on there's definitely a production
going on I won't deny that but if
anything it's more impressive of
production if it's a one-man show
wouldn't you agree one man did all the
editing the cinematography directed by
was wrong if you could choose between
either you can eat Infinite's about some
food but you would never gain weight
ever or you could never sleep which one
would you pick I would say never sleep
probably I need sleep ease
no but let's say you just never got
tired yeah like that's your power is
that you never need sleep easy
how many more calories you would burn
not laying sedentary for like eight
hours a day you probably wouldn't get
fat anyway you'd go crazy not sleeping
yes I mean you could always do well I
guess you could pass out though right
look if you got hit in the head I guess
you could pass that yeah if you put like
a plastic bag over your face yeah yeah
I'm just saying if we if we can reclaim
that eight hours a day six to eight
hours a day well tow bar you're always
though that says we will use five
percent of our brains that if we could
use the full 95 percent we can unlock
many superpowers yeah I always say that
if I proceed your brain I think on a
daily basis yeah you have that that
bottled drink that you say improves
brain health that's correct yeah that's
my um my ginseng my juice a please sure
wait what he showed you showed out what
what the [__] she's just she's a regular
woman in the house of this heavens no
you know you never played resin you
I haven't played any of these games oh
you missed out Zachary I'm familiar with
this one because I edited your last
playthrough of it but this is definitely
not how it starts I should have killed
her by now like she is scary what's a
bit I've never actually played any
version of Resident Evil 3 before this
is all new to me sexually is pretty
scary he's gigantic
he's an intimidating figure honestly
nemesis one of the most iconic video
game bad guys he's like he's basically
zombie terminator yeah he's awesome
isn't Jill supposed to be a cop or
something well she's the stars stars
yeah they're like a SWAT team so she's
like a super elite cop even but did that
get established here is she just a lady
right now I mean this is the third game
so it's game who she is
he's to bed before no this is a new foe
she's never seen this guy that's what
he's asking so this is she's just like
reading Sofia this dude he's broke
through he just shows up like Terminator
Zach so basically in the first game
you're sent into the woods to like look
at this match because you're like a SWAT
team right because there's like a but a
bunch of grisly murders and all this
other crap but when you go in you find
out that there's a bunch of zombies
there from experiments done by this
medical corporation called umbrella yeah
that butchers I know that plot like the
mansion of the woods oh my god so now
the umbrella made this guy to like take
you out cuz you're trying to expose them
for what they did okay
okay they made this big [__] monster
does he behold into the umbrella thing
what do you mean like you see God's
people woman does he take their orders
yes he is yeah yeah no he's a little lap
dog
this is Elise is like that truck chase
for segments or two and then spoiler
alert at the end of the game Jill spills
a glass of water and he gets afraid of
it and she biggest enemy is water she's
just gonna chitchat with this guy after
that giant monster almost killed her I
don't know what the hell that thing was
maybe we should get out of here babe
I don't know how much longer we have you
know this might be our last chance to
like kiss or have sex or sounds I don't
know Sam like if you wanted look like
people are ready like the sirens go yep
I guess we might as well just [__] I
mean insides go off and people are
running at me that doesn't happen that
often just [__] ran through a pole
that guy is an idiot so this is just as
society started to collapse pretty much
yeah the outbreaks happening so this
isn't just nemesis there's other zombies
out there too the zombie outbreak yes
and Jill's been trying to warn the
entire town up until this point nobody
listened to her they're like this is
Raccoon City nothing bad ever happens
here pretty much to be fair she does
look a little bit like a chicken little
[__] she doesn't like chicken little
[__] yeah everybody chicken little from
that movie Oh silly people come in
they're just like they're goofing around
over here cuz I walked right into him
like an idiot Brad's kind of sort of
lived his whole life without
consequences as is evidenced by his name
being Brad so it's about time he had a
little bit of a wake-up call what the
hell when did this happen when did this
get put behind me oh good good luck now
it's a little musical chairs game
what what why would she not try to run
that is awesome
cuz she's hurt she's touching her tummy
she has a tubby ain't Chris yeah I feel
like something's wrong I feel like my
controllers not working or something
Jill's got a boo-boo and her belly
buttons gonna collapse out of her if she
runs no bread is he from the first movie
or the first game what is he first the
pilot look now I'm walking again what
the [__] is this now you're still
holding your tummy tone yeah but she was
running into cutscene she ran in the
door
yeah but until you get a pepto-bismol
she's not gonna be able to sprint the
game so you me just don't tell you again
apologize to that [__] three dead man
she's quite well she's basically
stripping him of the Second Amendment
right so yeah maybe an apology is in
order
drawing Oh
[Music]
I'm just gonna trade not to go near them
I would advise that you draw and this
might look really good though she's
walking you guys this would be or would
make me cry be too scary ah there's a
Dodge button okay can you roll before
you can run nope
cuz that's the way that children do it
right first you learn to crawl then you
would walk then you learn to roll then
you want to run you say Rolly happens
after walking yeah it happens after
walking but privately running I think I
think what really happens after running
in some cases have heard hundreds of
papers you think you you learn how to
roll and then running or weaving or kind
of interchangeable I feel like I learned
how to do a spin weave around the same
time I learned out of
and [__] run it's just my controllers
not working oh no really
oh and using I'm using my keyboard now
it's got a baseball on it it must have
something wrong I guess I'm just gonna
ditch the controller okay this would be
better
I can click a name now can you kill him
nah is that that's exactly what you were
doing this is essentially as I lied like
myself in that side that thing he sounds
like kids of that levels he sounds like
gold look at the size of that guy
look at that [__] epic dog oh he's
eating a guy these are bad dogs
I want you ready to go to that dog dear
viewers sorry we walked this whole way
so far dear viewer number one we are
sorry Oh God how did you get in packed
it in there you [__] idiot Wow a
zombie and still wants a parking tall
that's my bit anyway kill that man and
his lies I mean people that do like the
phones are busy get out of there the rat
race of life huh clock in clock out the
defferent takes 90 percent of your money
and a hundred percent of your ambition
like a joker awesome guy who eats the
rat race of life ding ding ding oh oh
[Applause]
that guy deserve that that cutscene
[__] scared the [__] out of me the
roof
it's okay Chris it's not real it's not
real honest it's just Prince's all right
it's just a video games that real it's
make-believe a Japanese man thought this
up the Japanese maid said dig the camera
what do a zero this game came out yeah
what just happened holy said my baby
boys nemesis my baby where's our dad
services they wrapped nemesis up in
trash bags in this game that's his
design Connacht trash suit he's gonna
say his catchphrase I'm literal trash
I'm like literal trash it's cuz this
snaps he'll do that the snap soup is the
stupidest [__] thing it's funny it's
not it's never good it's always funny my
turn [__]
she said defiantly holy shedding it I
really feel like I'm struggling against
the monster here this guy's gonna fling
the [__] out of here you weren't even
wearing a seat belt you [__] [__]
did he do that to himself or did you
have to what just happened did he kill
drove the car off the [__] roof and
she's fine
but but the monster is not about not
wearing a seat belt but the monsters are
like that I'm watching a movie on mine
I'm just watching a cool movie in two
I'm clicking one button there you go oh
my goodness
don't hurt me you big brute you're not
the garbage man you're me oh my god you
can do that that's cool
he doesn't have a rocket launcher and
this one does he owe me you guys met
Dave Dave as in phantom arcade that
looks just like him
Oh what the demon I guess it does kind
of look like Dave actually that's kind
of what I [__] look like now I wish I
would have gotten a haircut before all
this [__] Lyle you're kind of giving
yourself a little too much compliments
there buddy I mean this guy's maybe not
as buff as he should be to be me you're
right buff as me you're right office me
he's not as tall he doesn't have as many
girlfriends basically but I mean I guess
I guess if someone were to play me in a
movie this guy would maybe make a you
know cadre to stand in while were you a
fan of Resident Evil uh
I've only played four and five and I
liked four and I kinda liked five my
first Resident Evil was code Veronica
that was your first one yes I didn't
have a PlayStation but I got a Dreamcast
code veronica was actually wasn't that
originally going to be resident evil 3
and yeah that was yeah and the present
evil 3 is like kind of a DLC for two in
a way they released standalone he looks
real dude
oh yeah the graphics are fantastic they
actually trapped that guy's soul in this
game to make that realistic a so it's
really about Chris's PC right now Chris
I'm not saying you should do this but if
you found the right file on your
computer you could delete that man's
pores purple skin could you read his
eyes you do anything when it comes to
PCs eyes
seals ear canals why do you and all
these are all things to this
those rubies ears this guy's clearly a
veteran seal his ear canals turn his
teeth the other way it's bill from left
number four dead is that really the
voice actor no it looks like him the
character not the guy I don't know what
the [__] the guy looks like he looks
like I'm Keanu Reeves I bet if only I
don't want to be misogynistic but she's
got big titties dude no no you can't say
that I don't want to sound misogynistic
here but I would threaten to kill her if
she didn't date me I would bring my
Schmidt Mar to school I always forget
those are really somebody doesn't know
it's like having a dab of glue I have an
eight-toed Bob what's a safety all the
tabloids are at it again fake news
Jennifer Aniston is not pregnant again
you're not supposed to just leave big
bags lying around like that my guys
hiding in there it's a zombie escape
plan to weeks passerby will think he's a
luggage and put them on a plane I'll
tell you what you should own that bag
lots of herbs gimme gimme this looks
like tors living room yeah we did guns
so true you go to Tom's house he's got a
table full of like cool hair guns and
like ammunition
like weed I think you need something to
unlock that box maybe you can is the
implication that you could try shooting
it I'm gonna do this to nemesis what I
see him whatever my parents call me to
check how I'm doing
[Laughter]